what's going on ladies and gentlemen and
welcome to another episode of career
mode goodness now it's all a little bit
confusing in this flat right now we got
Toby doing a common tree and me doing
what exactly the same time so you might
hear a bit of both to be honest but I
heyo let's get straight into it so last
time guys in last episode we remember
Cazorla gerosa tore me a new one I
didn't understand what was going on but
this chap here says what he expected
orla is a magician and that is his
nickname and he was certainly living up
to it and I was very very impressed by
that and a little bit jealous cuz he
just like I don't know he just
completely ruined me and yeah I wish I
had that sort of that sort of ability
but I'm Chelsea when you know Chelsea or
just an intense I they got some really
quality players in there but I decided
to uh play this side you know it so
probably the strongest side I have at
the moment playing Osvaldo and my Yuka
up front leaving Ricky Lam / on the
bench I don't know what you guys think
to that what do you think to me playing
Rickie Lambert do you think he should
make you know stay on the bench do you
think you should get first-team spot
what are your guys thoughts on it so
unfortunately it didn't take long til at
home picked up a goal and it was a
rebound goal i was a little bit
disappointed with that but my keeper
made a good save anyways in the first
place just a bit you know of my defense
in my defending sorry was just a little
bit to blacks give a little bit too much
room and that's why they got the shot
off so i can only really blame myself
but it ended one nil and you know that's
not the worst result but it's not the
best result you know a loss is a loss we
didn't pick up any points it doesn't
matter what the result was we'd still
managed to pick up a grand total of zero
point but we had a cup game coming up
shortly so we had to and turn our focus
immediately onto that and you know cup
games they're all great in that book my
god do they just with your team's
fitness it really doesn't make things
easy whatsoever but of course guys we
have got some comments to just fly
through so this one's from Jason
Chester's and he says I completely agree
so is obviously something I was talking
about in the squad and I it was probably
to do with the squad report me talking
about certain players and there goes my
phone let me just check that off to the
side but yeah he was saying but this
squad needs to be played in a 442
diamond so pretty much a 4 12 12 with
the wide players instead of the four
center midfielder so
yeah for 442 diamond-white information
with wanyama is in CDM he is best when
defending and shooting from range on all
occasions the difficulty there is that
someone needs to fill the cam void so I
suggest a one Yama at CDM right mid
lalana left mid Rodriguez and center
attacking midfielder Ramirez and then
bring in the potentials as subs or in
cup games that's the best way for sure
that's how i did i do it so you know
thank you very much Jason for that
really awesome comment I appreciate you
to time out to kind of help me out a
little bit and I'm a big fan of 4 12 12
when I first started playing few 14 442
was definitely the sort of my go-to
formation I found that to be the best
one but since then I've definitely
noticed for 12 12 is a quality formation
and it's just really um you know I just
haven't been updating the squad enough
so I definitely think you're right in
that sense I mean there's no real cam
void I definitely feel as though Gaston
Ramirez is from me definitely a natural
center attacking midfielder so he fits
perfectly in there my only real concern
like you said towards the end there was
aware do the where will the potential
players play you know you got Meyer who
can come on as a substitute Schneiderlin
who can play that defensive midfield
role and it's going to be interesting to
see how one Yama plays in a defensive
midfielder role you said you know he's
got some quality long shots on them and
things like that so I definitely think
is gonna be worth a try but it could
quickly turn to the point where
Schneiderlin gets that starting spot
ahead of one Yama so be interesting to
see what goes down let's look at what
the new to 1993 said if you guys
remember correctly I actually asked you
guys what exactly is squad rankings and
the mute replied saying a squad ranking
is a combination of the players overall
and their form hence why Rickie Lambert
was above Gaston Ramirez who has a
higher overall so um that that does make
sense I'm not into I you know I can't
say that is completely correct but I'm
gonna imagine you know he said it sounds
like he knows what he's talking about so
we'll roll with that for now so thank
you very much new for kind of a clearing
that up for myself and I'm sure there
was a few you guys out there who weren't
entirely sure of what was going on but
um yeah so big thanks for that but yeah
this was a game against north as you can
see we were one nil up very happy with
that one nil and I actually played Ricky
lumber in this game because he actually
sent me a little
player conversation thing saying yo man
I really do want to be playing some more
in the team and I was like yeah why not
do in a cup game I might as well give
around I probably should have started
meijer in this game but you know we
ended one nil so it was actually a close
game and it looks like we're heading
into the semi-finals of the capital one
cup so I'm really excited to see how far
we can do i'm sure the southampton board
will be pretty tough that i made it to
the semi-finals but it'd be great to
come home with some silverware although
it might be tough I definitely think we
can still do it but like I said Lambert
picks up a goal for the side and that's
really good for him you know to come on
like that to kind of message me
privately and be like a boss I know I
can do well of put me in the squad for
him just to come in and pick up a goal
I'm sure be very happy with that so what
yeah that is that and then we have
another piece of advice from towering uh
torterra says since auba rock or ya
borre is starting to go down I think
Akinfeev and beg of it are in their last
season in the last season of their
contracts so you could get them for free
at the end of season and then he goes on
to list some more that we're all pretty
sure aware of already you can already
pick up on a free so um overall I don't
really like a Kim five is a goalkeeper
there's something about it he just seems
like a worse version of Casillas for me
and there's something about him I just
don't enjoy using him we also have becca
vich there he could be a player I could
be interested in I think he's qualities
are really good goalkeeper and I agree
with you I think he could just be a
beast so you know we'll have to have to
take a look at that so thank you very
much for that comment a towering
torterra and that's going to wrap it up
for this episode guys I hope you did all
enjoy of course I'll feel free to leave
your comment my question to you guys is
gonna be which keeper do you think I
should pick up you know we do have a bit
of a keeper not issue but something we
got to look towards whether it be in the
january or the coming trend a summer
transfer window we have to keep our eyes
open for a keeper who do you guys
recommend of course we'd all have the
biggest budget so keep that in mind when
you're you know through a listing
players down below hope you all have a
cracking day i'ma see you guys in a
little bit bye bye